readme improvement (#290)
guardian/memsub-promotions: README.md

# Subscription promotions tool

## URLs

> Note - you need to be in the right google group to access these urls, otherwise you will get a redirect loop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note - you need to be in the 'Subscriptions Promotion tool' google group to access these urls, otherwise you will get a redirect loop.
```
